Add write-good spell checker (#211)
TooAngel/worlddriven: README.md

- `/:org/:repo/pull/:pull_number` A detailed calculation breakdown for the pull
request

> Use the following endpoints to easier work on the dashboard with mock data:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the following endpoints to more easily work on the dashboard with mock data:
```
